in this video it wants to explain about two things that the eye can do
pupils flex and accommodating are two duties of togo animal for
intended to be able to overlook such a group
this video library is used as a poland by the people point
but you can also find further information about bar counter
let three places in a row that all three years the eye and its environment
viewer left in the front of the eye with the erection with the pill
in the afternoon in the side of the eye and in this ioc and on the left is the irish and the
pupil
on the far right please a brain supplement and a walking one
two nerves whistles the brain to the eye then
if everything is a name giver you see that mainly because there will be one
different names got the band from outside the optic nerve loop the sensory
nerve cells to the brain
they give a signal of learning to the brain
there are the motor nerve cells that come from the brain
muscle gain in the pupil
and in the repar also have the term chess players who take care of the processing
of the signal
how does it work the pupils flex
we see here that sitting in a room of the athlete actually lies
slowly
goes on and off and you also see changes occurring with the pupil as
it depends more
from the dark
with a good look of the dark when it becomes light
then the amount of light for the club becomes more
and then the orbicular muscle will close with the pupil minor
how does an ailment de peelse work
the light goes to
md his store in cozy justice to happiness
that there is too much light the holes signal to the brain and a stem and
the brainstem that
decide directly and then I don't think about it and it is a flex decision and
directly to close the circle muscle
as soon as the amount of light decreases
then I will not get the pills large automatically either
practice all the time
you can do it yourself when your eyes are closed and you get a mirror
opened according to brio through automatic pupil
accommodating is a what
more complex principle
accommodating actually serves to get the picture sharp
as soon as we want to see something from a distance and then we want it
seeing it up close has to get used to focusing
That has to do with how the lens talent works in front of you
eye
You can see an image of an apple
the direction the eye was closer and the apple closer with guests as guests
have to adjust lessons themselves to the image
being able to stay on the retina keeps projecting
where the lens normally has a fixed focal point
and so it doesn't
convex or can be heard
is that with and the people after all the lens can change the eye of the ford and
therefore a focal point can also be used for the
also change
as soon as the ash tree comes closer
harvesting need to change focal point to get the picture
the primal does that to the eye
to muscle around spring
in the speakers can cause the lens bulbs
or being flat
As the lens relaxation is the most desired
and so you can see objects well from afar
as soon as you have to be able to look up close, the muscle says it will make an effort
and that also the lens will both change shape and become so convex
so the muscle london lens ensures that the lens becomes convex
and yet always changed that was still sharp
in neighborhood by itself also look quietly in the distance according to looking at a finger
close to your eye
And then you immediately notice that it takes effort to make the image as still
to get sharp
and then you cannot look sharp in the meantime
call this principle accommodation